[Outlook] Remove non-existent sample and duplicate content (#2632)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/develop/loading-the-dom-and-runtime-environment.md

---
title: Loading the DOM and runtime environment

> description: 'Load the DOM and Office Add-ins runtime environment'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: 'Load the DOM and Office Add-ins runtime environment.'
```
